Documentation around temporal versioning (#7569)
airbytehq/airbyte: airbyte-workers/src/main/java/io/airbyte/workers/temporal/README.md

# Temporal Development

## Versioning

Temporal is maintaining an internal history of the activity it runs. This history is based on a specific order. If we restart a temporal workflow with

> a new implementation that have a different order, the workflow will be stuck and will need manual action to be properly restarted. Temporal provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a new implementation that has a different order, the workflow will be stuck and will need manual action to be properly restarted. Temporal provides
```
```suggestion
a new implementation that have a different order, the workflow will be stuck and will need manual action to be properly restarted. Temporal provides
```

> a new implementation that have a different order, the workflow will be stuck and will need manual action to be properly restarted. Temporal provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a new implementation that has a different order, the workflow will be stuck and will need manual action to be properly restarted. Temporal provides
```

Author: Done

> and API to be able to manage those changes smoothly. However, temporal is very permissive in the way to generate those version. Airbyte will follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an API to be able to manage those changes smoothly. However, temporal is very permissive with version rules. Airbyte will follow
```

Author: Done

the following rules:

- There will be one global version per workflow, meaning that we will use a single tag per workflow.

> - All the following code modification will need to bump the version number, it won't be limited to a release of a new airbyte version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All the following code modifications will need to bump the version number, it won't be limited to a release of a new airbyte version
```
